2021-11-23 received Complete_Breakdown.xlsx from Rebecca Nash (renamed avoiding white space and special characters). I will use this for the fit in the first place.

2021-11-24 received Database_A1_with unpublished.xlsx from Rebecca Nash (renamed avoiding white space and special characters). I will use this and not 'Nash A1 Studies (with unpublished).xlsx which I reveived earlier from Tom.

2021-11-24 added column bioassay_available to Database_A1_with unpublished.xlsx coding if concurrent bioassay data is available.

2021-12-01 changed 'Trial code' to 'Trial_code' and added Trial_code to Complete_Breakdown.xlsx. removed IRS from Complete_Breakdown.xlsx.
 
I have now removed duplicates in Rebecca's data set (for pairing in Rebecca's framework) directly in the excel sheet, and saved as Database_A1_with unpublished_split.xlsx. I have also overwritten Trial_code 20 by 19, and 18 by 17, since same BA data. 

For dual ingredient nets, the corresponding BA data often contains dosage as xy + yz. With as.numeric(Dose) I put this to NA. But this will anyway be excluded. So, I decided to do this.

Some BA is with blood fed mosquitoes, but I think only for pyriproxifen, which will be excluded here. So, I haven't recorded feeding status.

Hand-treated nets were excluded. 

Hand treated chlorfenapyr nets (chlorfenapyr_CTN) are not considered LLING2 and excluded. 

For CDC BA, Acetone is the control.

EHT: insecticide only missing for PermanNet P191, which will be excluded for my analysis. insecticide cypermethrin (same as alphacypermethrin?) only in very old study. all net_product NA's come from old nets. 

Decided not to include Julien Zahouli's data as only lab strain BA data. NO, not sure. Isn't Tiassale strain wild type?

For all studies with BA mortality = 100, I checked that mosquitoes were actually wild type: only 1 study (Tungu) used susceptible lab strain and was removed, and for two others I didn't find the information and they were KEPT in the data base. 

We decided to exclude gravid mosquitoes both from numerator and denominator. 

Asked Tom for missing or guessed hut types! Guess from location, Tom said. 

'control (synergist)' is a real control, right? OK, Tom said. and 'deltamethrin (pbo synergism)' Ignore, Tom said.
